[Multiple DataSource]Refactor authentication type selection in create and edit data source forms (#3693)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards: CHANGELOG.md

- [Vis Builder] Removed Hard Coded Strings and Used i18n to transalte([#2867](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/2867))
- [Console] Replace jQuery.ajax with core.http when calling OSD APIs in console ([#3080](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3080))
- [I18n] Fix Listr type errors and error handlers ([#3629](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3629))

> - [Multiple DataSource]Refactor authentication type selection in create and edit data source forms to use EuiSelect ([#3693](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3693))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Multiple DataSource] Present the authentication type choices in a drop-down ([#3693](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch-Dashboards/pull/3693))
```

How does this sound?

Author: this sound nicer!
